seventy-year-old widower ben whitaker de
niro
a retired executive from dex one applies
to a senior citizen intern program
after retirement has become too boring
for him
he applies to about the fit a
fast-growing e-commerce fashion startup
in brooklyn
founder and ceo jules austin hathaway
had previously agreed to a community
outreach program where seniors would
intern at the firm
ben impresses everyone and is one of
four hired
ben is assigned to work with jules who
is somewhat skeptical at first
initially frozen out by her ben slowly
wins over co-workers with his
congeniality and gets into jules's good
graces
ben heads to work one day extra early to
organize a messy desk that jules had
complained about previously
after work ben notices jules's show for
drinking
convinces the driver to leave and drives
jules home himself
a role he retains in days to come ben
eventually reveals that he once worked
in the very same building where about
the fit is now based
he develops a romantic relationship with
the in-house massage therapist
fiona and becomes something of a father
figure to several of the younger workers
by offering advice about issues such as
love clothes sense and work slash life
balance
he provides another with a place to stay
at his brownstone after his colleague is
evicted by his parents
ben becomes very committed to jewels and
even breaks into the house of jules
mother to delete an embarrassingly
scathing email
narrowly avoiding getting arrested in
the process
ben also gets to know jules family her
husband
matt gave up his own career to be a
stay-at-home dad to their daughter
paige when about the fit started to take
off
however their marriage is slowly
breaking apart as the couple grows more
distant
meanwhile jules is under pressure to
give up her post of ceo to someone
outside of the company
as her investors feel that she is unable
to cope with the workload
having grown about the fit from a
startup founded in her kitchen to a 220
employee juggernaut in only 18 months
believing it will give her more time at
home with her family
jules is willing to consider the
proposal when driving paige home from a
party
ben discovers that matt is having an
affair with another parent at paige's
school
while on a business trip in san
francisco to interview a potential ceo
candidate
jules reveals that she knows about
matt's cheating but did not confront
matt about it because she was not ready
to deal with it
in an effort to buy herself time to save
her marriage
jules decides to hire a prospective ceo
when jules goes to ben's home the next
day ben greatly encourages jules to
think about how much this will change
her authority and how her creativity may
be hindered and also reminds her of her
passion for her company
matt unexpectedly drops in at the office
and urges her to reconsider
saying that he is sorry ashamed and
wants to support her in her dreams
jules goes out looking for ben wanting
to tell him that she has changed her
mind and finds him enjoying his tai chi
exercise group
she finally lets herself relax and joins
[Music]
him
you